.TH "VID2GIF" "1" "September 2015" "" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
vid2gif \- turn videos into gifs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]vid2gif\f[] [\f[I]options\f[]] \f[I]file\f[]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[B]vid2gif\f[] is a simple tool for turning videos into gifs.
Under the covers it relies completely on ffmpeg for its magic.
.SH GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B \f[B]\-h\f[], \f[B]\-\-help\f[]
Show help page
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-v\f[], \f[B]\-\-version\f[]
Print version
.RS
.RE
.SH VIDEO OPTIONS
.TP
.B \f[B]\-s\f[], \f[B]\-\-start\f[] \f[I]timecode\f[]
Video segment start timecode; either \f[I]hh:mm:ss.sss\f[] or
\f[I]ss.sss\f[]
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-e\f[], \f[B]\-\-end\f[] \f[I]timecode\f[]
Video segment end timecode; either \f[I]hh:mm:ss.sss\f[] or
\f[I]ss.sss\f[] (from start)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-t\f[], \f[B]\-\-time\f[] \f[I]seconds\f[]
Duration of gif.
Do not use if you use \f[B]\-e\f[]
.RS
.RE
.SH GIF OUTPUT OPTIONS
.TP
.B \f[B]\-r\f[], \f[B]\-\-size\f[] \f[I]width\f[][x\f[I]Height\f[]]
Width and height; Use \-1 to preserve aspect ratio
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-f\f[], \f[B]\-\-fps\f[] \f[I]framerate\f[]
Framerate of output gif.
Defaults to video framerate
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-o\f[], \f[B]\-\-output\f[] \f[I]filename\f[]
Output filename.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-p\f[], \f[B]\-\-preview\f[]
Open gif in quicklook after creation.
\f[B]OS X ONLY:\f[] # PROCESSING OPTIONS
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-d\f[], \f[B]\-\-diff\f[]
Use diff for ffmpeg \f[I]stats_mode\f[] setting during palette
generation.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-\-dither\f[] \f[I]mode\f[]
Dither mode for palette use.
Consult ffmpeg manual for details
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-\-dmr\f[], \f[B]\-\-diff\-mode\-rectangle\f[]
Enable diff\-mode: rectangle when dithering, which helps with motion
dithering
.RS
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
Jeff Sandberg.
